These Terms of Service are the final agreement between you, user of World Places, and OM Software LLC (also referred to as "OM Software," "us" or "we"). World Places is owned and operated by OM Software LLC. By using the World Places application (the "Services") you agree to the following terms, including the World Places Privacy Policy.

	1. General. By using this application, all users are bound by Google's Terms of Service found here https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms.

	2. Eligibility. You represent and warrant that if acting on behalf of an entity or any third party, that you have the legal authority to represent that entity / third party.

	3. World Places Premium Purchase. By in-app purchasing "World Places Premium" advertisements will not be shown as long as the application can communicate with the licensing server to verify the purchase. If the application cannot verify the purchase with the licensing server the application may have a cache of the verification that will be used. In the case that advertisements are shown after an in-app purchase of "World Places Premium", this will not constitute any claim toward a refund valid and no refund shall be given. Please refer to Article 5 regarding our disclaimer of warranties, limitations of liability, and indemnification. In the case that advertisements are shown after a in-app purchase of "World Places Premium", please contact us so that we may fix the issue.

	
	4. Intellectual Property and Data Security.

		1. Our IP: You are granted a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Service according to these Terms or Service. World Places content, software and design are fully covered by national and international intellectual property law, and you are forbidden to reproduce or imitate the likeness or experience of the site without our written permission. You are free to use parts of content that already belong to the public domain, but World Places content, software, design, and results are not for reproduction, in full or part, without our written permission.

		2. Your IP: we don't claim ownership on content that you submit with World Places. You grant us a limited license to read, process, and store your content only for the purpose of delivering you the Service.

	5. Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification. Your use of World Places is at your sole risk. The service is provided "as is" and "as available". We disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. We are not liable for damages, direct or consequential, resulting from your use of the application, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from any claims, losses, liability costs and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from your violation of any third-party's rights. Because the application is not error or bug free, you agree that you will use it carefully and avoid using it ways which might result in any loss of your or any third party's property or information. We also disclaim any legal liability related to the accuracy or completeness of the World Places software and results. The Service is not a substitute for legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is created.

	6. Restriction of Use. You are permitted to use the application for your personal, non-commercial use, or legitimate business purposes, provided that your activities are lawful and in accordance with these Terms of Service. Prohibited uses include violation of laws and regulations, hacking, reverse engineering, crawling or otherwise tampering the site in any manner. No right, title or interest in or to the site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved. Any use of the application not expressly permitted by these Terms of Service is a breach of these Terms of Service and can lead to legal ramifications.

	7. Third-party Links. This application may contain links to other websites or resources that are operated by third parties not affiliated with OM Software LLC. These links are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained therein. OM Software LLC is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Inclusion of links to other sites or resources should not be viewed as an endorsement of the content of linked sites or resources. Different terms and conditions and privacy policies may apply to your use of any linked sites or resources. OM Software LLC is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, loss or liability caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through any such linked site or resource.

	8. Feedback. We encourage your feedback, in the form of reviews, comments, and suggestions or recommendations for modifications, improvements or changes to the Services or the site that you may choose in your sole discretion to provide us from time to time ("Feedback"). When you provide Feedback, you grant us, under all right, title and interest in and to the Feedback, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, irrevocable, perpetual license to use that Feedback or to incorporate it into the Website or other products or services.
	
	9. Termination and survival. You can terminate this agreement by uninstalling World Places. Articles 3 (World Places Premium Purchase), 4 (Intellectual Property and Data Security), 5 (Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification), 6 (Restriction of Use), 7 (Third-party Links), 8 (Feedback), 9 (Termination and Survival), 10 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction), and 11 (Waiver and Severability) will survive any termination or expiration of these Terms.

	10. Governing law and Jurisdiction. These Terms of Service and any dispute or claim arising out of, or related to them, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

	11. Waiver and Severability. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. The Terms of Service constitutes the entire agreement between you and OM Software LLC and govern your use of the service, superseding any prior agreements (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). If any provision of these Terms of Service is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Service will continue in full force and effect.

Should you have any questions, comments, or concerns, you can contact us at info@omsoftwarellc.com. These terms are effective immediately at the time of publication.